sale_order_invoicing_finished_task/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================================
Sale Order Invoicing Finished Task
==================================

The requirement of this module is to give the possibility in the task to
indicate if a task is available to invoice or not. This means by default even
the task is not finished you could set it as invoiceable.

As an option you can relate to a Project Stage ( ``project.task.type`` ) this
control. For example if you want to assign Invoiceable to stage ``Done`` always.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Sales -> Product and create a service product

2. In the product go to Invoicing tab and select (1) An invocing policy (2)
   Track service must be create a task and tack hours (3) Set Invoicing
   finished task checkbox and save


   .. image:: static/description/product_view_invoicefinishedtask.png


3. Go to Sales -> Sale orders -> Create a new one. Add a customer y the product
   you have created
4. Confirm the sales order, it will create you a project and a task
5. Go to the task and you will find a smartbutton called Not invoiceable, when
   you press the button you will indicate that the task can be invoiced

   .. image:: static/description/task_view_invoicefinishedtask.png

6. Optional: if you want to use project stages to control this Go To
   Project -> Settings -> Stage -> You have to set true the field Invoiceable
   in the stages that you consider are invoiceable. Event to use stages for
   this functionality you can also set it manually in the task whenever you
   want.

You can try it in:

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/167/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/
  blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.


Contributors
------------

* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>
* Carlos Dauden <carlos.dauden@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_order_invoicing_finished_task (#556)
When the product has an invoicing policy Ordered Quantity, setting the task
as Invoiceable will set the delivered qty on the sale order line to the ordered quantity.

sale_order_invoicing_finished_task/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==================================
Sale Order Invoicing Finished Task
==================================

The requirement of this module is to give the possibility in the task to
indicate if a task is available to invoice or not. This means by default even
the task is not finished you could set it as invoiceable.

As an option you can relate to a Project Stage ( ``project.task.type`` ) this
control. For example if you want to assign Invoiceable to stage ``Done`` always.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Sales -> Product and create a service product

2. In the product go to Invoicing tab and select (1) An invocing policy (2)
   Track service must be create a task and tack hours (3) Set Invoicing
   finished task checkbox and save


   .. image:: static/description/product_view_invoicefinishedtask.png


3. Go to Sales -> Sale orders -> Create a new one. Add a customer y the product
   you have created
4. Confirm the sales order, it will create you a project and a task
5. Go to the task and you will find a smartbutton called Not invoiceable, when
   you press the button you will indicate that the task can be invoiced

   .. image:: static/description/task_view_invoicefinishedtask.png

   If the product is configured with an invoicing policy = Order, then the
   delivered quantity is set to the ordered quantity. Otherwise, the time spent
   on the task is used.

6. Optional: if you want to use project stages to control this Go To
   Project -> Settings -> Stage -> You have to set true the field Invoiceable
   in the stages that you consider are invoiceable. Event to use stages for
   this functionality you can also set it manually in the task whenever you
   want.

You can try it in:

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/10.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/167/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/
  blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.


Contributors
------------

* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>
* Carlos Dauden <carlos.dauden@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
